#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/sf.png",Super Favourites
plugin://plugin.program.super.favourites
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/Plist.png",Playlist Loader
plugin://plugin.video.playlistLoader
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/lspro.png",LiveStreamsPro
plugin://plugin.video.live.streamspro
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/f4mtester.png",f4mTester
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/zemtv.png",ZemTV
plugin://plugin.video.ZemTV-shani
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/exodus.png",Exodus
plugin://plugin.video.exodus
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/phoenix.png",Phoenix
plugin://plugin.video.phstreams
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/salts.png",SALTS
plugin://plugin.video.salts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/navix.png",Navi-X
script://script.navi-x
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/backup.png",Backup
script://script.xbmcbackup
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/youtube.png",YouTube
plugin://plugin.video.youtube
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/vmf.png",[B]VietMediaF - Videos[/B]
plugin://plugin.video.vietmediaF
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/vmf.png",[B]VietMediaF - Music[/B]
plugin://plugin.audio.vietmediaF
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/xshare.png",Xshare -XBMC HD Video
plugin://plugin.video.xshare
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/itv.png",ITV Plus
plugin://plugin.video.itvplus
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/sbtn.png",SBTN TV
plugin://plugin.video.sbtntv
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/topshows.png",Top Shows
plugin://plugin.video.topshows
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/kodi4vnlauncher.png",Kodi4VN Launcher
plugin://plugin.video.kodi4vn.launcher
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/tvvn.png",TV Viet Nam
plugin://plugin.video.tvvn
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/csn.png",Chia Se Nhac
plugin://plugin.video.chiasenhac
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/hieuhien.png",Hieuhien.vn Liveshow
plugin://plugin.video.hieuhien.vn.liveshow
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/hieuhien.png",HieuHienLiveShow
plugin://plugin.video.HieuHienLiveShow
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/behocchu.png",Be Hoc Chu
plugin://plugin.video.FlashCards
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudlist/repository.viplist/master/MyFolder/icons/canhac.png",Ca Nhac Giai Tri
plugin://plugin.video.canhacgiaitri




